add ios.forceRegister option (#337)
havesource/cordova-plugin-push: docs/API.md

| `ios.critical`   | `boolean` | `false` | Optional. If `true` the device can show up critical alerts. (Possible since iOS 12 with a special entitlement) **Note:** the value you set this option to the first time you call the init method will be how the application always acts. Once this is set programmatically in the init method it can only be changed manually by the user in Settings > Notifications > `App Name`. This is normal iOS behaviour.         |
| `ios.forceShow`  | `boolean` | `false` | Optional. Controls the behavior of the notification when app is in foreground. If `true` and app is in foreground, it will show a notification in the notification drawer, the same way as when the app is in background (and `on('notification')` callback will be called _only when the user clicks the notification_). When `false` and app is in foreground, the `on('notification')` callback will be called immediately. |

> | `ios.forceRegister`  | `boolean` | `false` | Optional. If `true` the app will register for remote notifications, even if the user has denied notification permissions. On iOS, notification permissions only control *user-facing* notifications – background pushes can still be received. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ios.forceRegister`  | `boolean` | `false` | Optional. If set to true, the app will continue to register an APNs token for remote notifications. Notification permissions only control disruptive user-facing notifications, such as alerts, sounds, badges, and critical notifications. Even if the user denies these permissions, background push notifications can still be received. If the user disables "Background App Refresh", silent push notifications will be blocked. |
```
